<Free Games for Kids & Preschoolers> Privacy & Policy

<Free Games for Kids & Preschoolers> and its affiliates (<Free Games for Kids & Preschoolers>, us, our, or we) are dedicated to protect the privacy of our users (users or you). This Privacy Policy (the Policy) describes the ways we collect, store, use, and manage the information, including personal information, that you provide or we collect in our products, including websites, apps, and games that we provide from our official channels (<Free Games for Kids & Preschoolers> Games’ Google Play Store) (collective collectively, the Service).

Please note that the scope of this Policy is limited to information collected or received by <Free Games for Kids & Preschoolers> through your use of the Service. <Free Games for Kids & Preschoolers> is not responsible for the actions of third parties, the content of their sites/apps/games, the use of information that you provide to them, and any other services or products they may offer. Any link to those sites does not constitute our affiliation with the third parties. 

By using the Service, you are expressing your agreement to this policy and the processing of your data, including your personal information as described in the policy. Should you have a disagreement with our policy, please do not use the Service. You can contact us for concerns and questions regarding this policy via email at: missjohn050717@gmail.com

Information Collection and Use

<Free Games for Kids & Preschoolers> primary goals in collecting and using information is to create your account, provide the Services to you, improve the Service, contact you, and to create reports for internal use. We store the information on our servers that are located in Indonesia.

Social Media

Our web sites includes Social Media features, such as the Facebook Like button and widgets and other interactive mini-programs that run on our site. These features may collect your IP address, which page you are visiting on our site, and may set a cookie to enable the feature to function properly. The Social Media features and widgets are either hosted by a third party or hosted directly on our sites. Your interaction with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing it.

iOS and Android Platforms

When you use any of the <Free Games for Kids & Preschoolers>’ games or application on a mobile platform, we may collect and record certain information such as your unique device ID (persistent / not persistent), hardware type, media access control (MAC) address, international mobile equipment identity (IMEI), the version of your operating system (OS), your device name, your email address (if you have connected to Facebook or Google+), and your location (based on your IP address). This information is useful to us for troubleshooting and helps us understand usage trends.

We may collect your location based information for the purpose of providing you with the correct version of the application. If you no longer wish to allow us to track or use this information, you can always turn it off at the device level. Please note that the application may not working properly if you disable the features.

In addition, we may create a unique ID to track your use of the Service. This unique user ID is stored in connection with your profile information to track <Free Games for Kids & Preschoolers>’ games that you are playing.

Facebook Connect, Game Center, and Google+

You can log in to our site using sign-in services from third party Social Media Service such as Facebook Connect, Google+ Connect+, Apple Game Center, or an Open ID provider. These services will authenticate your identity and provide you the option to share certain personal information with us such as your name, gender, age, country, and email address. Services like Facebook Connect give you the option to post information about your activities on this web site to your profile page to share with others within your network.

We may collect and record information through the Social Media Service in accordance with the policies and terms of the Social Media. The information we collect when you connect your user account to a Social Media Service may include: (1) your name; (2) your Social Media user identification number and/or user name; (3) locale, city, state, and country; (4) sex; (5) birth date; (6) email address; (7) profile picture or its URL; and (8) the Social Media User Identification numbers for your friends that are also connected to <Free Games for Kids & Preschoolers>’ game(s).

Invite a Friend

<Free Games for Kids & Preschoolers> may offer you the opportunity to invite your contacts from a Social Media Service (such as your Facebook friends) so that those contacts can be located in <Free Games for Kids & Preschoolers>’ games and/or you can invite them to join you in <Free Games for Kids & Preschoolers>’ games. Such contact information will only be used for the purpose of sending communications to the addressee.

Customer Service

We may collect your email address when you contact our customer service or support and we may use that email address to contact you about your gaming experience with <Free Games for Kids & Preschoolers>’ games and notify you about company news and promotions. If you no longer wish to receive certain email notifications you may opt-out at any time by emailing us at missjohn050717@gmail.com.

Push Notifications

We may occasionally send you push notifications through our mobile applications to send you game updates, high scores, and other services related notifications that may be of importance to you. You may at any time turn off this feature by turning it off at the device level through your settings.

Camera

Our products may request your permission to access your smartphone's camera to take picture. The picture will only be used, modified, stored, and shared after the permission of the player. You may at any any time turn off this feature by turning it off at the device level through your settings.

Game Data Collection

Whenever you play our games, we may collect data about all of your interactions with the game and with other players inside the game via server log files. This information may be associated with your player ID, IP address, or device ID for the purpose of providing you our Services and improving them.

Tracking Technologies

We and our marketing and outsourcing partners, affiliates, or analytics service providers use technologies such as cookies, beacons, scripts, and tags to identify a user computer/device and to remember things about your visit, such as your preferences or a user name and password. Information contained in a cookie may be linked to your personal information, such as your user ID, for purposes such as improving the quality of our Services, tailoring recommendations to your interests, and making the Services easier to use. You can disable cookies at any time, although you may not be able to access or use some features of the Service.

We may feature advertisements served by third parties that deliver cookies to your computer/device so the content you access and advertisements you see can be tracked. Since the third party advertising companies associate your computer/device with a number, they will be able to recognize your computer/device each time they send you an advertisement. These advertisers may use information about your visits to our Services and third party sites and applications in order to measure advertisements performance and to provide advertisements about goods and services of interest to you. This Policy does not apply to, and we are not responsible for the data collection practices of these third party advertisers, and we encourage you to check their privacy policies to learn more about their use of cookies and other technology.

Mobile Analytics

We use mobile analytics software to allow us to better understand the functionality of our Mobile Application on your device. This software may record information such as how often you use the application, the events that occur within the application, aggregated usage, performance data, and where the application was downloaded from. We do not link the information we store within the analytics software to any personal information you submit within the mobile application.

Third Party Services

Our Services may contain third party tracking tools from our service providers, example of which include Google Analytics and Firebase. Such third parties may use cookies, APIs, and SDKs in our Services to enable them to collect and analyze user information on our behalf. The third parties may have access to information such as your device identifier, MAC address, IMEI, locale (specific location where a given language is spoken), geo-location information, and IP address for the purpose of providing their services under their respective privacy policies. Our privacy policy does not cover the use of tracking tools from third parties. We do not have access or control over these third parties.

Ad Networks

We may feature advertising within our Service. The advertisers may collect and use information about you, such as your Service session activity, device identifier, MAC address, IMEI, geo-location information, and IP address. They may use this information to provide advertisements of interest to you.

In addition, you may see our games advertised in other services. After clicking on one of these advertisements and installing our game, you will become a user of our Service. In order to verify the installs, a device identifier may be shared with the advertiser.

How We Use Information:

We use information collected through our Service for purposes described in this policy or disclosed to you in connection with our Service. For example, we may use your information to:

Create game accounts and allow users to play our games;
Identify and suggest connections with other <Free Games for Kids & Preschoolers>’ users;
Understand your preferences to enhance your experience and enjoyment of using our Service;
Respond to your comments and questions and provide customer service;
Provide and deliver products and services you request;
Send you related information, including confirmations, invoices, technical notices, updates, security alerts, and support and administrative messages;
Communicate with you about promotions, rewards, upcoming events, and other news about products and services;
Enable you to communicate with other users; and
Link or combine it with other information we get from third parties, to help understand your preferences and provide you with better Services.
Disclosure of Your Information

<Free Games for Kids & Preschoolers> does not share your personal information except as approved by you or as described below:

With your consent, for example, when you agree to our sharing your information with other third parties for their own marketing purposes subject to their separate privacy policies. If you no longer wish us to allow us to share your information with third parties, please contact us at missjohn050717@gmail.com.
We may release your information as permitted by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or when we believe that release is appropriate to comply with the law; investigate fraud, respond to a government request, enforce or apply our rights; or protect the rights, property, or safety of us or our users, or others. This includes exchanging information with other companies and organizations for fraud protection.
<Free Games for Kids & Preschoolers> may share your information in connection with any merger, sale of our assets, or a financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company. You will be notified via email and/or notice on our site of any change in ownership or users of your personal information.
We may share aggregate or anonymous information about you with advertisers, publishers, business partners, sponsors, and other third parties.
Changes to the Policy

We may update this privacy policy to reflect changes to our information practices. We encourage you to periodically review this page for the latest information on our privacy practices.

Security

<Free Games for Kids & Preschoolers> takes reasonable measures to protect your information from unauthorized access or against loss, misuses, or alteration by third parties. Although we make good faith efforts to store the information collected on the Service in a secure operating environment that is not available to the public, we cannot guarantee the absolute security of that information during its transmission or its storage on our systems. Further, while we attempt to ensure the integrity and security of our network and systems, we cannot guarantee that our security measures will prevent third party hackers from illegally obtaining access to this information. We do not warrant or represent that your information will be protected against, loss, misuses, or alteration by third parties. No method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure, however. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Access to Personal Information

If you want to change your personal information, or if you no longer desire our service, you may correct, update, or delete inaccuracies by making the change within your account settings or by contacting us at missjohn050717@gmail.com. We will respond to your access request within 30 days.

Our Policy Regarding Children

We provide games for several target users, including from Children age 3+ to Teen or above. Our official channel (Google Play Store) will contains the age rating such as ESRB and PEGI rating. Please use our Service according to your age. We do not knowingly collect or solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 13 or knowingly allow such persons to use our Service that are targeted for users of the age 13 and above. If you are under 13, please do not send any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, or email address. No one under the age of 13 may provide any personal information. In the event that we learn that we have collected personal information from a child under age 13, we will delete that information as quickly as possible. If you believe that we might have any information from or about a child under the age of 13, please contact us at missjohn050717@gmail.com .

Opting Out of Marketing

You may opt-out of receiving promotional emails from us by emailing us at missjohn050717@gmail.com. If you opt-out, we may still send you non promotional emails, such as emails about your accounts or our ongoing business relations.

If you have any questions about this Policy, please contact us at missjohn050717@gmail.com. 
